add how it works section (#188)
narwhals-dev/narwhals: docs/how_it_works.md

df = nw.from_native(df_pl)
df.select(nw.col('a')+1)
```

`nw.col('a')` produces a `narwhals.expression.Expr` object, which has a private `_call` method.
We can call `nw.col('a')._call(pl)`, then the result is actually `pl.col('a')`.

We then let Polars do its thing. Which is nice, but also not particularly interesting.
How about translating expressions to pandas? Well, it's
interesting to us, and you're still reading, so maybe it'll be interesting to you too.

## pandas implementation

When we called `nw.col('a')._call(pl)`, we got a Narwhals-compliant Polars namespace.
The pandas namespace (`pd`) isn't Narwhals-compliant, as the pandas API is very different
from Polars'. So...Narwhals implements a `PandasNamespace`, which includes the top-level
Polars functions included in the Narwhals API:

```python
import narwhals as nw
from narwhals._pandas_like.namespace import PandasNamespace

pn = PandasNamespace(implementation='pandas')
nw.col('a')._call(pn)
```
The result from the last line above is the same as we'd get from `pn.col('a')`, and it's
a `narwhals._pandas_like.expression.PandasExpr` object, which we'll call `PandasExpr` for
short.

> `PandasExpr` also have a `_call` method - but this one expects a `PandasDataFrame` as input.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
`PandasExpr` also has a `_call` method - but this one expects a `PandasDataFrame` as input.
```

Recall from above that an expression is a function from a dataframe to a sequence of series.
The `_call` method gives us that function! Let's see it in action.

Note: the following examples uses `PandasDataFrame` and `PandasSeries`. These are wrappers

> around pandas DataFrame and pandas Series, which are Narwhals-compliant. To get the native
> pandas objects out from inside them, we access `PandasDataFrame._dataframe` and `PandasSeries._series`.

Reviewer: Not the biggest fan of this phrasing. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
around pandas DataFrame and pandas Series, which are Narwhals-compliant. We can access the 
pandas objects via `PandasDataFrame._dataframe` and `PandasSeries._series`.
```

```python
import narwhals as nw
from narwhals._pandas_like.namespace import PandasNamespace
from narwhals._pandas_like.dataframe import PandasDataFrame
import pandas as pd

pn = PandasNamespace(implementation='pandas')

df_pd = pd.DataFrame({'a': [1,2,3], 'b': [4,5,6]})
df = PandasDataFrame(df_pd, implementation='pandas')

> expression = pn.col('a') + 1

Reviewer: Should we use some fancy mkdocs-material to highlight the fact that this such line does not compute anything as is? Maybe [code annotation](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#code-annotations)

result = expression._call(df)
print([x._series for x in result])
```
The first (and only) Series to be output is:
```
0    2
1    3
2    4
Name: a, dtype: int64
```

So indeed, our expression did what it said on the tin - it took some dataframe, took
column 'a', and added 1 to it.

> If you search for `def register_expression_call`, you'll see that that's all

Reviewer: Let's handle the link ourselves:

```suggestion
If you search for [`register_expression_call`](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/narwhals/blob/f18c533a0c2ff870ad489a6f93bca8bef2a98eda/narwhals/_pandas_like/utils.py#L171){target="_blank"}, you'll see that that's all
```

Author: the `{target="_black"}` didn't work for me when I rendered this. in any case, are sure? I think the link would quickly go out-of-date

Reviewer: The one I added is the permalink, not just the link to main and line, which in theory should be more stable to changes in the file. `{target="_blank"}` should open on a new tab/page, which is something I prefer but can live without 😂

Author: do i need to enable some extra feature for it to work? if i copy and paste your snippet, i get:

![image](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/narwhals/assets/33491632/ebfe6460-2102-46d8-b013-8e6b20acf0da)

Reviewer: I will take a look, but if you want to merge it, let's remove it for now 😇
